README.md, before:

# CHIP-8

[View the demo](https://igorzoriy.github.io/chip-8/)

Yet another [CHIP-8](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CHIP-8) interpreter written in TypeScript.  
The goals of this project is to implement my first interpreter and try a bunch of modern libraries/tools/APIs. The project uses following technologies:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)
- [Lit](https://lit.dev/)
- [Canvas API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API)
- [Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API)

## Development and Testing

### Checkout the project

```bash
git clone git@github.com:igorzoriy/chip-8.git
cd chip-8
```

### Install dependencies

```bash
npm i
```

### Run dev server

```bash
npm start
```

### Run tests

```bash
npm test
```

### Run tests in watch mode

```bash
npm run test:watch
```

### Lint code

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Documentation

[Technical Reference](http://devernay.free.fr/hacks/chip8/C8TECH10.HTM)  
[Mastering CHIP‐8](https://github.com/mattmikolay/chip-8/wiki/Mastering-CHIP%E2%80%908)  
[Awesome CHIP-8](https://chip-8.github.io/links/)

## Resources

[Chip-8 Roms 1](https://github.com/loktar00/chip8/tree/master/roms)  
[Chip-8 Roms 2](https://github.com/kripod/chip8-roms)  
[Chip-8 Public Domain ROMs](https://www.zophar.net/pdroms/chip8.html)

Commit message:

Use Vite instead of Webpack

README.md, after:

# CHIP-8

[View the demo](https://igorzoriy.github.io/chip-8/)

Yet another [CHIP-8](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CHIP-8) interpreter written in TypeScript.  
The goals of this project is to implement my first interpreter and play with some libraries/tools/APIs. The project uses following technologies:
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Lit](https://lit.dev/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)
- [Canvas API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API)
- [Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API)

## Development and Testing

### Checkout the project

```bash
git clone git@github.com:igorzoriy/chip-8.git
cd chip-8
```

### Install dependencies

```bash
npm i
```

### Run dev server

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Run tests

```bash
npm test
```

### Run tests in watch mode

```bash
npm run test:watch
```

### Lint code

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Documentation

[Technical Reference](http://devernay.free.fr/hacks/chip8/C8TECH10.HTM)  
[Mastering CHIP‐8](https://github.com/mattmikolay/chip-8/wiki/Mastering-CHIP%E2%80%908)  
[Awesome CHIP-8](https://chip-8.github.io/links/)

## Resources

[Chip-8 Roms 1](https://github.com/loktar00/chip8/tree/master/roms)  
[Chip-8 Roms 2](https://github.com/kripod/chip8-roms)  
[Chip-8 Public Domain ROMs](https://www.zophar.net/pdroms/chip8.html)
